lib: lte_link_control: refactor into modules (#17266)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases_and_maturity/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

* :ref:`lte_lc_readme` library:

  * Added:

    * The new :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_LTE_LC_CONN_EVAL` Kconfig option to enable the Connection Parameters Evaluation module.
    * The new :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_LTE_LC_EDRX` Kconfig option to enable the eDRX module.
    * The new :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_LTE_LC_NEIGHBOR_CELL_MEAS` Kconfig option to enable the Neighboring Cell Measurements module.

>     * The new :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_LTE_LC_PERIODIC_SEARCH` Kconfig option to enable the Periodic Search Configuration module.

Reviewer: `CONFIG_LTE_LC_PERIODIC_SEARCH_CONTROL` would be a more intuitive name, if it is not too late to change it.

But I understand completely it is pretty late in the review process, so apply this advice at your discretion

Reviewer 2: I don't think it's too late to change if that's what we want. The API has functions `lte_lc_periodic_search_X()` which backs the current naming `CONFIG_LTE_LC_PERIODIC_SEARCH`.
AT command that the module uses is `AT%PERIODICSEARCHCONF`.
So I don't feel `CONFIG_LTE_LC_PERIODIC_SEARCH` is too bad but I'm more or less blind and biased to this problems of this name, if problems exist.
If I had to rename this, I would probably use `CONFIG_LTE_LC_PERIODIC_SEARCH_CONF` instead of `CONFIG_LTE_LC_PERIODIC_SEARCH_CONTROL` given the AT command name. But then we are diverging from the API function names.

Please let us know your thoughts after reading this comment.

Reviewer: I do like it better with a suffix, personally. I suggested `CONTROL`/`CTRL` since there is `lte_lc_periodic_search_request`, but `CONFIG`, `CONF`, or `CFG` would all be just fine to me too!

Basically it is for the same reason as the other comment -- `CONFIG_LTE_LC_PERIODIC_SEARCH` might be a little misleading since it sounds sort of like it controls whether `PERIODIC_SEARCH` is enabled. But really it just enables/disables the config/control functions.

    * The new :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_LTE_LC_PSM` Kconfig option to enable the PSM module.
    * The new :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_LTE_LC_RAI` Kconfig option to enable the RAI module.

>     * The new :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_LTE_LC_MODEM_SLEEP` Kconfig option to enable the Modem Sleep Notifications module.

Reviewer: I am a little confused -- `Kconfig option to enable the Modem Sleep Notifications module.` but then what is `CONFIG_LTE_LC_MODEM_SLEEP_NOTIFICATIONS`?

Reviewer 2: Explained in https://github.com/nrfconnect/sdk-nrf/pull/17266#discussion_r1803738642. I guess this comment could be resolved as the discussion is in the other thread.

    * The :c:func:`lte_lc_periodic_search_request`, :c:func:`lte_lc_periodic_search_clear`, :c:func:`lte_lc_periodic_search_get`, and :c:func:`lte_lc_periodic_search_set` functions require the new :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_LTE_LC_PERIODIC_SEARCH` Kconfig option to be enabled.
    * The :c:enumerator:`LTE_LC_EVT_PSM_UPDATE` event and the :c:func:`lte_lc_psm_param_set`, :c:func:`lte_lc_psm_param_set_seconds`, :c:func:`lte_lc_psm_req`, :c:func:`lte_lc_psm_get`, and :c:func:`lte_lc_proprietary_psm_req` functions require the new :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_LTE_LC_PSM` Kconfig option to be enabled.
    * The :c:enumerator:`LTE_LC_EVT_MODEM_SLEEP_EXIT_PRE_WARNING`, :c:enumerator:`LTE_LC_EVT_MODEM_SLEEP_ENTER`, and :c:enumerator:`LTE_LC_EVT_MODEM_SLEEP_EXIT` events require the new :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_LTE_LC_MODEM_SLEEP` Kconfig option to be enabled.
    * The :c:enumerator:`LTE_LC_EVT_TAU_PRE_WARNING` event requires the new :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_LTE_LC_TAU_PRE_WARNING` Kconfig option to be enabled.

  * Deprecated the :c:macro:`LTE_LC_ON_CFUN` macro.
    Use the :c:macro:`NRF_MODEM_LIB_ON_CFUN` macro instead.

  * Removed:

>     * The :c:func:`lte_lc_init` function.
>       All instances of this function can be removed without any additional actions.
>     * The :c:func:`lte_lc_deinit` function.
>       Use the :c:func:`lte_lc_power_off` function instead.
>     * The :c:func:`lte_lc_init_and_connect` function.
>       Use the :c:func:`lte_lc_connect` function instead.
>     * The :c:func:`lte_lc_init_and_connect_async` function.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    * The ``lte_lc_init`` function.
      All instances of this function can be removed without any additional actions.
    * The ``lte_lc_deinit`` function.
      Use the :c:func:`lte_lc_power_off` function instead.
    * The ``lte_lc_init_and_connect`` function.
      Use the :c:func:`lte_lc_connect` function instead.
    * The :c:func:`lte_lc_init_and_connect_async` function.
```
Cannot link to removed functions, thus removing the :c:func:

* :ref:`lte_lc_readme` library:

>   * Added:

Author: @peknis Any suggestions on how to structure this?

>   * Added:

Reviewer 3: Let's take this offline. I'll message you in Teams.

>   * Added:

Author: Updated.

* :ref:`lte_lc_readme` library:

  * Added:

>     * A new :c:enumerator:`LTE_LC_EVT_RAI_UPDATE` event that is enabled with the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_LTE_RAI_REQ` Kconfig option.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    * The :c:enumerator:`LTE_LC_EVT_RAI_UPDATE` event that is enabled with the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_LTE_RAI_REQ` Kconfig option.
```
No need to say it is new as this is under Added (that implies it is new).

      Refer to the :ref:`migration guide <migration_2.8>` for more details.
    * The :c:enum:`lte_lc_reduced_mobility_mode` type has been deprecated.
      Refer to the :ref:`migration guide <migration_2.8>` for more details.

>     * The library to be reorganized into modules that are enabled via their respective Kconfig options.
>       By default, the library now enables only the core features related to the network connectivity.
>       This reorganization reduces flash memory consumption for applications that only use the core features of the library related to network connectivity.
>       For more information on how to update your project, see the :ref:`migration guide <migration_2.8_required>`.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    * The library was reorganized into modules that are enabled through their respective Kconfig options.
      By default, the library now enables only the core features related to the network connectivity.
      This reorganization reduces flash memory consumption for applications that only use the core features of the library.
      For more information on how to update your project, see the :ref:`migration guide <migration_2.8_required>`.
```

Reviewer 3: I fully agree it clashes with the convention, but this still reads a bit better. Let's not get stuck with this. There will still be a round for mixed doc improvements and my team will figure out if we can make this better.

>       * Added the new :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_LTE_LC_CONN_EVAL` Kconfig option to enable the Connection Parameters Evaluation module.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
      * The :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_LTE_LC_CONN_EVAL` Kconfig option to enable the Connection Parameters Evaluation module.
```
Now that we have the mention about the reorg of the library, I think we could have these new Kconfig options under Added, after all. Without the "Added the new" like in my suggestion here.
